.\" Copyright (C) 2005 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "tpm_changeownerauth" 8 "2005-05-06" "TPM Management"
.ce 1
TPM Management - tpm_changeownerauth
.SH NAME
tpm_changeownerauth \- change the authorization data associated with the owner or SRK
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B tpm_changeownerauth
.RB [ OPTION ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBtpm_changeownerauth\fR allows for changing the authorization data for the TPM owner or the TPM's Storage Root Key  
(via the TPM_ChangeAuthOwner API).  This operation prompts for current password, followed by the new password and a confirmation of the new password. The \fB\-\-owner\fR option changes the TPM owner password and \fB\-\-srk\fR option changes the TPM's SRK password. 

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display command usage info.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display command version info.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR [none|error|info|debug]
Set logging level.
.TP
\fB-u\fR, \fB\-\-unicode\fR
Use TSS UNICODE encoding for passwords to comply with applications using TSS popup boxes
.TP
\fB-o\fR, \fB\-\-owner\fR
Change the authorization data for the TPM owner.
.TP
\fB-s\fR, \fB\-\-srk\fR
Change the authorization data for the TPM's Storage Root Key. 
.TP
\fB-g\fR, \fB\-\-original_password_unicode\fR
Use TSS UNICODE encoding for original password to comply with applications using TSS popup boxes
.TP
\fB-n\fR, \fB\-\-new_password_unicode\fR
Use TSS UNICODE encoding for new password to comply with applications using TSS popup boxes

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBtpm_version\fR(1), \fBtpm_takeownership\fR(8), \fBtcsd\fR(8)

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <trousers-users@lists.sourceforge.net>
