.\" Copyright (C) 2005 International Business Machines Corporation
.\"
.de Sh \" Subsection
.br
.if t .Sp
.ne 5
.PP
\fB\\$1\fR
.PP
..
.de Sp \" Vertical space (when we can't use .PP)
.if t .sp .5v
.if n .sp
..
.de Ip \" List item
.br
.ie \\n(.$>=3 .ne \\$3
.el .ne 3
.IP "\\$1" \\$2
..
.TH "tpm_sealdata" 1 "2005-08-10"  "TPM Management"
.ce 1
TPM Management - tpm_sealdata 
.SH NAME
tpm_sealdata \- seal input data to the system's TPM
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.ad l
.hy 0
.B tpm_sealdata
.RB [ OPTION ]

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBtpm_sealdata\fR seals sensitive input data to the SRK of the system's TPM
and optionally a PCR configuration.  Backup your data, it is unrecoverable from this format if the SRK changes or the specified PCR configuration is unreproducable.  The result can be unsealed by functions in libtpm_unseal, this requires the SRK to not require authorization.

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display command usage info.
.TP
\fB-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display command version info.
.TP
\fB-l\fR, \fB\-\-log\fR [none|error|info|debug]
Set logging level.
.TP
\fB-f\fR, \fB\-\-filename FILE\fR
File containing input data to seal.
.TP
\fB-o\fR, \fB\-\-output FILE\fR
Output file.  Default is STDOUT.
.TP
\fB-p\fR, \fB\-\-pcr NUMBER\fR
Seal data to the current value of the specified pcr. This option can be given NUM_PCRS times.  The specified pcr is in the range of 0 to NUM_PCRS-1. NUM_PCRS is at least 16 but may vary by platform.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBtpm_takeownership\fR(8), \fBtpmUnsealFile\fR(3)

.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <trousers-users@lists.sourceforge.net>
